yes first victory first game three
points for a win this one I'm qualified
to my neck no way but I'm fucking game
papaer fucking losses came because of
dates fee fie each mother hey guys for
Parvati sheer number two can we try this
again when Thursday was a failed but now
let's try to do it before we start this
video make sure go to fuck or marcom use
the code friend for five percent off you
might be wondering why why why why why
do I have this glass last time that I
played I read so much you start having a
headache my wife told me you better use
your gunner because that's gonna at
least not make your vision hurt as much
let's see if it does the reason I be
sucking at this game man if I don't play
well again I'm gonna use my European for
the next Road to Glory I score some
goals you're gonna run away you're gonna
run away let's go man don't run away run
away you bitch ha that's so ironic i'm
gonna play a Croatian dude okay Brazil
Croatia first game what a coincidence
pedigrees let's see you see I let's go
man let's go let's be patient today I'm
a calm version of myself come on oh my
god all set yes come on yes starting a
good one knew Hernandez and then
you don't want a beach sitting in the
box in it in a box someone you're upside
you're upside faggus your offside why
are you pausing in the game you fucking
suck bro it's a glasses man I can't see
everything career now even though we're
not playing where we winning that's what
matters nice ball come on kakakakakakaka
kaakha kaakha kaakha kaakha whoo you
worked come on kukka no way no way ha
Jesus come on head or somebody use your
freakin Hatter yes who was that who are
you cuz peinado yes you just beads on
ticket back a ticket back for the win
don't think about it man oh damn it come
on there than this
he missed the Peloponnese good that go
right in the sequence yes I fucked up
I'm on Hernandez my gun what a beautiful
go mikan yes yes guy 71 that was
beautiful nice trick to the second game
she went to play one victory real
qualified to the second stage let's do a
man oh my god sweat up front is the
British Ibrahimovic ends the British
paling do you trust me guys job watch
out watch out watch out for the headers
it gets games all about the headers I
let's not lose our cool let's not lose
our cool fucking Victor motherfucker I
passed it oh I'm gonna go crossing I'm
gonna go crossing fuck you in your
crosses you can't do this how the fact
that was afraid
this game is on freaking video not gonna
lose my cool I'm not gonna lose my cool
lose my cool enough motherfucking shit
happens like this I'm gonna pitch two
motherfuckers up alleluia alleluia
alleluia yes get the freaking ball fuck
this game bro 22 it fucking stupid knows
everybody style now in this group man I
just Nick you in the game let's go guys
he has six points he's already qualified
I need to do my part I need to win I
need this wrapper on my neck can we do
it I can't believe my internet went down
did I get a loss this service man I
better not get a loss for that shit
this fucking game is unbelievable
I still qualified I still qualify I
qualify I qualify let's watch some
Brazil games guys I see you guys on
sunday knockout stage here we go let's
do it